
# üó£Ô∏è Transcript ‚Äì Project Check-In: Internal LMS Update

**Date:** _(Sample Meeting)_  
**Duration:** ~5 minutes  
**Participants:**  
- **Alex (Project Manager)**  
- **Jordan (Instructional Designer)**  
- **Riley (Software Engineer)**  
- **Taylor (QA Lead)**

---

**Alex:** All right, let‚Äôs get started. Quick check-in on the internal LMS update. Where do we stand on the prototype?

**Riley:** As of this morning, the new dashboard layout is live in the dev environment. I‚Äôve pushed it for review.

**Jordan:** Great. I actually had a chance to run through it‚Äîsome parts look sharp, but I do have questions about the new tagging feature.

**Alex:** Let‚Äôs park that for a second. Riley, were the accessibility checks built into that new layout?

**Riley:** Not fully. We‚Äôve added ARIA labels for the buttons, but the keyboard navigation isn‚Äôt quite there yet.

**Taylor:** We flagged that too during exploratory testing. I can prioritize a keyboard nav pass today if needed.

**Alex:** That‚Äôd be ideal, thanks. Jordan‚Äîwhat were your questions on tagging?

**Jordan:** Mainly, how are tags being stored? Are they mapped to content metadata or user interaction?

**Riley:** Right now, they‚Äôre stored in the content object itself‚Äîmetadata only. We haven‚Äôt connected it to user behavior yet.

**Jordan:** Got it. So no tracking on user tagging activity?

**Riley:** Correct, not yet.

**Taylor:** Would that affect any of our SCORM tracking?

**Jordan:** Not directly, but it would be useful to eventually connect tags to module feedback. Could help surface learning gaps.

**Alex:** Let‚Äôs mark that as a future enhancement. For now, keep it metadata-only.

**Taylor:** Do you want a formal test script for tagging?

**Alex:** Yes, and please include edge cases‚Äîespecially with duplicate or empty tags.

**Taylor:** Noted. I‚Äôll have it ready by EOD tomorrow.

**Alex:** Perfect. Last item: Riley, can you update the roadmap doc to reflect the revised timeline?

**Riley:** Sure, I‚Äôll revise that after standup and push to SharePoint.

**Alex:** Thanks, all. Let‚Äôs regroup same time Friday. Ping me if anything blocks you.

---

# ü§ñ AI-Generated Meeting Summary

## ‚úÖ Key Points
- New dashboard layout is live in the development environment.
- Accessibility partially implemented‚ÄîARIA labels added, keyboard navigation pending.
- Tagging is metadata-based only; no user interaction tracking yet.
- SCORM tracking is not directly affected by current tagging structure.
- QA test script will be created to include tagging edge cases.

---

## ‚ùì Questions Raised & Answers

| Question                                                                 | Answer                                                                 | Fully Answered? |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|
| Are accessibility features fully implemented in the new dashboard?      | ARIA labels included; keyboard navigation still in progress            | ‚ùå Partial       |
| How are tags being stored and tracked?                                  | Stored in metadata only; no user interaction tracking                  | ‚úÖ Yes           |
| Does the tagging affect SCORM tracking?                                 | No direct impact; potential use in feedback analysis noted             | ‚úÖ Yes           |

---

## üìå Action Items

| Action Item                                                             | Owner     | Due         | Status       |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|-------------|--------------|
| Finalize keyboard navigation for new dashboard layout                  | Taylor    | ASAP        | In progress  |
| Create formal QA test script for tagging (include edge cases)         | Taylor    | Tomorrow    | Planned      |
| Update roadmap document with revised timeline                         | Riley     | Today       | Pending      |
| Log future enhancement: Track user tagging behavior and feedback use  | Alex      | Backlog     | Logged       |

---

**Next Meeting:** Friday, same time.  
**Notes:** All team members to report blockers via chat before then.
